Task 1

Write code that checks whether a string is a sufficiently strong password

-------------

Task 2

Goal

Create a simple micro-lending rest api app similar to one of our existing products.
Business requirements

Applying for loan through the api - passing term and amount.
Loan application risk analysis performed if:
 the attempt to take loan is made after 00:00 with max possible amount.
 reached max applications (e.g. 3) per day from a single IP.
Loan can be extended, interest factor per week is 1.5.
User can view their loans, including extensions.

-------------

Task 3

The problem – Video rental store

For a video rental store we want to create a system for managing the rental administration.
We want three primary functions.
- Have an inventory of films
- Calculate the price for rentals
- Keep track of the customers “bonus” points

Price
The price of rentals is based type of film rented and how many days the film is rented for.
The customers say when renting for how many days they want to rent for and pay up front. If
the film is returned late, then rent for the extra days is charged when returning.

The store has three types of films.
- New releases – Price is <premium price> times number of days rented.
- Regular films – Price is <basic price> for the fist 3 days and then <basic price> times the number of days over 3.
- Old film - Price is <basic price> for the fist 5 days and then <basic price> times the number of days over 5

<premium price> is 40 SEK
<basic price> is 30 SEK

The program should expose a rest-ish HTTP API.
The API should (at least) expose operations for

- Renting one or several films and calculating the price.
- Returning films and calculating possible surcharges.

Examples of price calculations

Matrix 11 (New release) 1 days 40 SEK
Spider Man (Regular rental) 5 days 90 SEK
Spider Man 2 (Regular rental) 2 days 30 SEK
Out of Africa (Old film) 7 days 90 SEK
Total price: 250 SEK

When returning films late
Matrix 11 (New release) 2 extra days 80 SEK
Spider Man (Regular rental) 1 days 30 SEK
Total late charge: 110 SEK

Bonus points
Customers get bonus points when renting films. A new release gives 2 points and other films
give one point per rental (regardless of the time rented).
